README.md, before:

# Open Spiral Robots (OpenSpiRobs)

OpenSpiRobs is a research toolkit for designing and simulating logarithmic‑spiral soft robots. It provides a GUI design tool for rapid geometry iteration, CAD export (STEP/STL), and MuJoCo XML generation, with optional modules for fabrication and datasets.

## License
- SPDX: PolyForm-Noncommercial-1.0.0
- Commercial use requires a separate license.

## Citation
If you use OpenSpiRobs in academic work, please cite this repository:

```bibtex
@software{wang_openspirob,
  title        = {OpenSpiRobs: Open Spiral Robots Toolkit},
  author       = {Wang, Zhanchi},
  year         = {2026},
  url          = {https://github.com/ZhanchiWang/Open-Spiral-Robots}
}
```

## Contact
- Email: zhanchi@ustc.edu.cn
- WeChat: spirobs

## Structure
- `design-tool/` — Python GUI design tool (primary)
- `hardware/` — hardware CAD/STEP/STL (optional)
- `fabrication/` — fabrication/assembly notes (optional)
- `datasets/` — datasets/models (optional)

See `design-tool/README.md` for usage.

Commit message:

Update README with WeChat group joining instructions
Added a note to join the OpenSpiRobs WeChat group.

README.md, after:

# Open Spiral Robots (OpenSpiRobs)

OpenSpiRobs is a research toolkit for designing and simulating logarithmic‑spiral soft robots. It provides a GUI design tool for rapid geometry iteration, CAD export (STEP/STL), and MuJoCo XML generation, with optional modules for fabrication and datasets.

## License
- SPDX: PolyForm-Noncommercial-1.0.0
- Commercial use requires a separate license.

## Citation
If you use OpenSpiRobs in academic work, please cite this repository:

```bibtex
@software{wang_openspirob,
  title        = {OpenSpiRobs: Open Spiral Robots Toolkit},
  author       = {Wang, Zhanchi},
  year         = {2026},
  url          = {https://github.com/ZhanchiWang/Open-Spiral-Robots}
}
```

## Contact
- Email: zhanchi@ustc.edu.cn
- WeChat: spirobs
- Please add the WeChat ID above to join the OpenSpiRobs WeChat group.

## Structure
- `design-tool/` — Python GUI design tool (primary)
- `hardware/` — hardware CAD/STEP/STL (optional)
- `fabrication/` — fabrication/assembly notes (optional)
- `datasets/` — datasets/models (optional)

See `design-tool/README.md` for usage.
